Ability to set pod environment variables on cluster resource (#1794)
zalando/postgres-operator: docs/administrator.md

The key-value pairs of the Secret are all accessible as environment variables
to the Postgres StatefulSet/pods.

### For individual cluster

> It is possible to set environment variables in the Spilo pods directly as parameters or
> as a link to secrets for each individual cluster, in addition to or instead of the
> global parameters given in the examples above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to define environment variables directly in the Postgres cluster
manifest to configure it individually. The variables must be listed under the
`env` section in the same way you would do for [containers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/).
Global parameters served from a custom config map or secret will be overridden.
```

> It is possible to set environment variables in the Spilo pods directly as parameters or
> as a link to secrets for each individual cluster, in addition to or instead of the
> global parameters given in the examples above.
> 
> In order to do this, you need to configure the cluster parameters, as in the example below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to define environment variables directly in the Postgres cluster
manifest to configure it individually. The variables must be listed under the
`env` section in the same way you would do for [containers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/).
Global parameters served from a custom config map or secret will be overridden.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: "acid.zalan.do/v1"
kind: postgresql
metadata:
  name: acid-test-cluster
spec:
  env:
  - name: wal_s3_bucket
    value: my-custom-bucket
  - name: minio_secret_key
      valueFrom:
        secretKeyRef:
          name: my-custom-secret
          key: minio_secret_key
```

If global parameters are set at the level of the entire controller in the form of
a ConfigMap or a Secret, then the individual cluster parameters will have a higher
priority and the same keys will be overridden, and different ones will be merged into

> a single array of environment variable parameter values.

Reviewer: I think, this paragraph is obsolete after my suggestion from above.

Author: Ok. good point, done
